For as long as I can remember, dreams have been a great mystery that has invaded my thoughts, sometimes to the point of becoming a stormy obsession. They are inexplicable, so much so that I would dare to say that science itself is incapable of unraveling their nature. The so-called "lucid dreams" are of my greatest interests, because on countless occasions I have experienced them and in many of them there is a tendency: the voice. In my dreams, there is always a whispering voice that invades my listening and only under the moonlight, never in the day. The words, if I can call them that, are so weak that they are actually murmurs and it was always impossible to decipher the message of that dreamlike poet. Recently, I began with the first attempts to strike up a conversation with my own fabrication because, after all, I knew that it was all a dream. And one night I finally heard him, with the utmost clarity in his words: "Do you believe that I exist?" In addition to finally understanding the message, I noticed how the whispering voice twisted honorably until it became as deep as ever. It was not the voice of any man or woman, I ventured that it would be the voice of some other being... perhaps a strange creature, like a great demon. The silence was maintained and I felt a small impulse to establish communication with the so-called Devil. (In the next block of text, you are presented with 3 options. Choose the one you like and enter the option (in number) in the input box. Depending on the decision you make, the player's madness or the demon's desperation will rise. The point is to not let either of those two get to 100% or more! Enjoy the game.)
1: (Staying quiet)                       2: "Who are you?"                    	3: "Do you believe you exist?"
Silence continued to reign over sleep. I should mention that all I saw was endless darkness. The voice, the voice of the diabolical poet gave a slight chuckle, as if he expected a cautious silence from me. "I know what you're thinking. Yes, it may be a creature from hell. Do you want to see me? Open your eyes."
The voice continued after a brief pause. "I'm the one who always visits you at night. You should be afraid of me, and your voice sounds so calm. Perhaps it is true that you genuinely do not know who I am. Do you want to see me? Open your eyes."
The voice only laughed to itself and continued in a joking tone. "Of course I'm real. But you think I'm just a dream. But no, I only come to visit you from that medium, but I don't belong as a creation of yours. Do you want to see me? Open your eyes."
1: (Open your eyes)                  	2: "I think you exist"                 	3: (Do nothing)
I open my eyes and, perhaps to my relief, because there is no demon in my room. It was all a dream. I thought so until I heard the whispering voice next to my ear, a laugh. I turned around but there was nothing behind me. Terrified and with a pounding heart, I waited an hour before closing my eyes again. "You don't see me, because I don't need you to see me for me to exist," said the demon just as I closed my eyes, but I decided to keep them that way, I was afraid to see it if I did it again. "What if you open them again? This time I promise not to hide."
"I know you don't believe me," said the demon. His voice ceased to have its humorous tone. "Open your eyes." The words became robust and aggressive, as if it ceased to be an order and rather an order from my tormentor.
The fear that maybe this wasn't a dream paralyzed me and I was left without saying anything. The demon stopped laughing. "Open your eyes," he said, as if it were more of an order than a request.
1: (Do nothing)            		2: (Open your eyes)                  	3. (Quickly open and close your eyes)
I don't do anything. Total silence. Suddenly, I feel a strong pull on my right foot, so tense that it makes me fall out of my bed. I open my eyes, totally frightened. I have to get out of here.
I open my eyes and see nothing out of the ordinary, just my room sunk in shadows. However, that was not true. Out of the corner of my eye I see a strange silhouette emerge from one of the corners of my bed, on the opposite side of the headboard. It is a hand with pointed claws.
Planning to close them almost instantly, I open my eyes. In front of me, just a few inches from my face, there are predatory eyes watching me. Non-human eyes, eyes I've never seen. By surprise, I close my eyes and after finally opening them again, there is nothing in front of me anymore. The so-called demon hasn't spoken and I calm down, thinking it's all just a nightmare. I am convinced that what I saw was a mere construction. But I have a strange feeling that I should leave the room, at least to get some fresh air.
1: (Leave the room)                 	2. (Stay)                               3. (Sleep)
There is a horrible sensation which does not let me leave the room or go anywhere, like if I were paralyzed. 
I stay within the room, however, I feel a terrible presence. I am even more tempted to get away from this place.
I try to calm myself.
I stay right in my place, in bed. Waiting for the arrival of the devil, if there is one. At one point I see the demon emerge in its entirety from the corner of the four. I can't see it clearly, but I can make out a very fragile shadow, so opaque that it is certain that there is something hidden inside. The demon is approaching so slowly. I begin to feel paralyzed, as if a force prevents me from moving even if I wanted to. What will happen to me, I ask myself. I close my eyes tightly and relax, ready to have perhaps my last dream.
I run out of the room, completely terrified of everything. Regardless of whether the devil exists, his complete desperation that he has, I am easy prey to the silent terror that runs through every fiber of my body. I leave my room and also my house. The night is cold but I don't care. I run down the street, I run non-stop. I stop for a few seconds to rest and above all breathe. He raised his head and I only see a silhouette in front of me. He doesn't want to let me go. I close my eyes and see it, open them and see it. I put my hands in my eye sockets and with the enormous temptation to gouge out my eyes. In the distance I hear the purr of an engine, approaching. My bare feet feel the friction with the concrete of the road. Am I going to die?
Thinking and trying to convince myself of the absurdity of the situation. I settle into my bed and go back to sleep. I hear the voice, but it silenced it, or I think I don't hear it. I went on like this until the voice returned to that of the strange whispering poet. They were simple murmurs again. The next time I open my eyes, to my relief, at the arrival of the first rays of the Sun.
